hello dear friends here I decided
shoot another video
He came to me a knife opinel number seven means
I ordered it in the city of Zlatoust
Well, at the first impression of what is good
knife that can be said because zzhuzhu
cuts of course amazing
tried it on different foods
I really liked the quality of this
the knife means the handle is made of beech
decided to soak the mines with oil so she
not deformed by exposure to water here
as for blade blades very
thin
the middle of the base to zero down also
the tip is pointed very much
thin blades na know what section but
dreams you made at night from high to
Eurasian steel then stainless steel
you can see the labeling
open air onix of wrote number seven
water and france
Here at first glance
A very interesting spoon is a lock
snaps the handle to not
opportunities i open and also when
opening can be fixed
the market and it will not yes that is me
got a pretty durable spoon not
dangles very well fixes and legs
fierce tei when opening and what let's
the lock is very interesting spoons and them
very satisfied
naturally affects his ability
something to cut that is exactly this
thin-thin blade is very good
behind .
lets just play any
sliced them products
suitable to be used for
picnic use
take it let's go somewhere
is a very good option
soon i want to spend it in
a little slick so that you can without any
problems to use here and so
spoon that is the price of it
400 something rubles it is very
inexpensive knife well and number seven how would you
You know what open or they go by numbers
that is, the length depends on the number
blade
i.e. this number is 70 about 70
half a centimeter the length of the blade
he did not order 10 to 9
just wanted to fuck my
here's a small collection
Dozhdychek so this company here is shooting
provarkoy I also thank you for doing
attention see the video add
subscribe comment on everything
kind